There is a creature alive today
who has survived millions of
years of evolution
without change
without passion
and without logic
it lives to kill
a Mindless eating machine.
It will attack
and devour
anything
it is as if God.  Created the
devil
and gave him
Jaws
This
is universals
extraordinary Motion Picture
version
of Peter.
Benchley's best-selling novel
Jaws.
Just found out
that a girl.
About killed here last week.
You knew it.
You knew that was a shark out
there.
You knew it was dangerous
swimming anyway.
It's all psychological
you yell Barracuda
devices.
Why'd
you yell shark?
We've got a panic on our hands
on the fourth of July.
Is it true that most people get
attacked by sharks in three
feet of water about 10 feet
from the beach.
Yeah,
what we are dealing with here
is a perfect engine
an eating machine turned out on
to go to have to close the
beach.
We're gonna have to hire
somebody to kill the shark and
fish
but I'll catch him and kill him.
Did you hear your father?
This shark
swallow you whole
we're gonna need a bigger boat
at the 24 to
3 tons of them.
fantasies of evil
and compared with the reality
of Jaws
Roy Scheider
Robert Shaw
Richard Dreyfuss
Jaws
see
before you go swimming.